# Size Fit Recomendation(Thesis)

*This repo contains code for my thesis at IIT Kharagpur,2018.*

Product returns takes major hit on revenue for any Online Marketplace. So if we could reduce number of product returns then that would in turn increase the revenue generated by that Online Marketplace. Out of all the product returns that happened in Flipkart in last year, about 54.7% were in Lifestyle Products alone. And one of the major reason for these returns is “size/fit issue”. So if we could generate a confidence score about how well a product fits the customer, based on their previous sales/returns data and sales/returns data of similar users then that could potentially reduce number of product returns in Lifestyle Products category in E-Commerce.

------

### Dependencies
  - `numpy`
  - `pandas`
  - `matplotlib`
  - `seaborn`
  - `netowrkx`
  - `sklearn`
  - `pickle`

-------

#### cleaning.py

For cleaning the dataset and dividing it into training,validation and testing set. 

#### persona_analysis.py

For persona analysis of user to see if single user buys product from same vertical for other persons.


-------

### References
1. Sawant, Sumedh. "Collaborative filtering using weighted bipartite graph projection: a recommendation system for yelp." Proceedings of the CS224W: Social and information network analysis conference. 2013.
2. Grujić, Jelena. "Movies recommendation networks as bipartite graphs." Computational Science–ICCS 2008(2008): 576-583.153. Zhou, Tao, et al. "Bipartite network projection and personal recommendation." Physical Review E76.4 (2007): 046115.
4. Shang, Ming-Sheng, Yan Fu, and Duan-Bin Chen. "Personal recommendation using weighted bipartite graph projection." Apperceiving Computing and Intelligence Analysis, 2008. ICACIA 2008. International Conference on. IEEE, 2008.
5. Sun, Yizhou, et al. "Rankclus: integrating clustering with ranking for heterogeneous information network analysis." Proceedings of the 12th International Conference on Extending Database Technology: Advances in Database Technology. ACM,2009.
6. Sun, Yizhou, Yintao Yu, and Jiawei Han. "Ranking-based clustering of heterogeneous information networks with star network schema." Proceedings of the 15th ACM SIGKDD international conference on Knowledge discovery and data mining.ACM, 2009.
7. Yu, Xiao, et al. "Personalized entity recommendation: A heterogeneous information network approach." Proceedings of the 7th ACM international conference on Web search and data mining. ACM, 2014.
8. Sun, Yizhou, et al. "Pathselclus: Integrating meta-path selection with user-guided object clustering in heterogeneous information networks."ACM Transactions on Knowledge Discovery from Data (TKDD) 7.3 (2013): 11.
9. Cao, Liangliang, et al. "RankCompete: simultaneous ranking and clustering of web photos." Proceedings of the 19th international conference on World wide web. ACM, 2010.
10. Pons, Pascal, and Matthieu Latapy. "Computing communities in large networks using random walks." ISCIS.Vol.3733.2005.
11. Craswell, Nick, and Martin Szummer. "Random walks on the click graph." Proceedings of the 30th annual international ACM SIGIR conference on Research and development in information retrieval. ACM, 2007.
12. Fujiwara, Yasuhiro, et al. "Fast and exact top-k search for random walk with restart." Proceedings of the VLDB Endowment 5.5 (2012): 442-453.
13. De Meo, Pasquale, et al. "Generalized louvain method for community detection in large networks." Intelligent Systems Design and Applications (ISDA), 2011 11th International Conference on.IEEE,2011.
14. Lancichinetti, Andrea, and Santo Fortunato. "Community detection algorithms: a comparative analysis." Physical review E 80.5 (2009):056117.
15. https://networkx.github.io/
16. https://github.com/TuftsBCB/Walker
17. http://igraph.org/python/
